when user will click on run then there can be two cases.
first.) There is no test case written in input section. (--> in this case we are going to populate the input section with the default input).
second.) Input is provided by the user.
After clicking on run Firstly Post request will be send to the server, to run the source code written by the user. After that get request will be made to get the desired output of the code and input , output can be any error or some output. So whatever will be the output just display this output in the output box.



Now there are some streps that are needed to be taken like --> According to the question you need to create some sample test cases . That sample test case should be given in the question so that user can use that sample testcase to judge its output.Atlast there should be some hidden testcases referred to every question and that code should be judged on the basis of these test cases and whatever will be the output of these testcases , these should be inserted into pdf and that pdf should be uploaded to server or anywhere so that the recruiter can see the output accordingly.

There can be some advance features like Time limit exceeded or Memory Limit Exceeded.which we can add accordingly

--> Current problem is that the name of the languages provided by rapidapi and monaco editor are different.
that's where the api call is gettin disrupted . Now to use the particular language for both monaco and rapidapi , i need some function which is going to tell me that this language of monaco editor represents to that language of rapid api.
For that firstly i need to retrieve all the languages of monaco and rapid api.
After that the function will work accordingly.  -------> DONE

Now According to every language there should be some default syntax provied on the editor.That syntax is going to be fixed for every language --> Like input can be provided in the input section rest all user's wish

On clicking run we can create two senarios , Firstly we can simply show the output according to the input and that's it , Secondly we can compare that output to the real , Correct output and can show user's output and also whether that output is correct or not.

OnClicking submit there should be some sample testcases which are going to be tested acc. to the code of user.
